A big Dublin University has a commensurately large-sized car park, holding a maximum of 1000 vehicles. The car park has three entrances and three exits. Automatic barriers control the entrances and exits. There is a problem that can occur during the rush-hour: Because of the three sets of entrances and exits, cars (belonging to Lecturers and Students, numbering in excess of 2000 in total) can enter or leave the car park simultaneously (and, at peak hours, do so at the rates of dozens per second), so it is difficult to monitor the exact number of free spaces left, and it is possible for cars to enter the car park when it is full, looking around for spaces that might have just been vacated or ones that other drivers have found too difficult to park in. Further, some drivers can, owing to a lack of dexterity in parking, occupy 1.5 spaces each. All these (which can be modelled using probabilities) can cause the car park to become clogged with traffic, making it difficult for cars to leave. It has been decided that each entrance and exit should be monitored concurrently, and a running total must be displayed showing the number of vehicles in the car park.  The following two situations should be simulated:
 
In term-time, the Lecturers and Students both use the car park for a similar purpose, i.e. coming in for giving/attending lectures and then leaving to go home after lectures.  Suggest a solution to the above so that it gives Lecturers and Students equal precedence and provides a fair solution.
Mostly, Lecturers and students pass through the gates without problems (i.e. in a standard/fixed amount of time).  However, sometimes there are problems, either to do with payments or faulty cards that necessitate the driver having to go to security to have their cards endorsed thus taking varying amounts of time (i.e. on a distribution) to be solved.
